Responsibilities

Apply machine learning, NLP, and deep learning methods to unstructured data sets and complex systems.
Conduct individual and collaborative R and D initiatives centered around NLU, LLMs, with a special focus on LLM fine-tuning, security, explainability, and governance.
Research and evaluate groundbreaking approaches to NLU and LLM-related problems.
Develop new algorithms and methods for optimizing our existing LLM.
Investigate and solve exciting and difficult challenges in machine learning, classification, data science, content analysis, and deep learning.
Partner with Product and various platform teams to identify, highlight, and integrate new opportunities, ensuring the timely delivery of pivotal projects leveraging LLM, RAG, and AI/Generative AI technologies.
Provide technical leadership and mentorship to mid/junior-level team members.

Requirements

BS/MS or PhD in AI or Natural Language Processing, mathematics, or a science field with a strong data/ML component; or equivalent related professional experience.
Proven experience in NLP research, with a special focus on large language models (LLM).
Hands-on experience with LLMs, fine-tuning, model safety, and security considerations.
Ability to work closely with the product team to identify and implement differentiating features within LLM and RAG solutions to create unique and compelling product offerings.
Ability to identify and implement emerging technologies in the AI/ML landscape.
Experience in architecting, developing, and successfully deploying complex, large-scale ML/AI systems with a strong focus on model explainability, governance, and document search and retrieval.
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms such as dimensionality reduction (PCA, SVD, UMAP, t-SNE), RNN/LSTM, convolutional neural networks, attention-based transformers, GANs, BERT, GPT-3 OpenAI, Hugging Face Transformers, and text generation models like T5 and XLNet.
A strong aptitude for mathematics, particularly algebra and statistics.
Experience with SciKit-Learn, Keras, PyTorch, and TensorFlow in building multilayer NNs, etc, and other ML libraries.
Develop NLP / NLU modules using Spacy, Stanford NLP, Machine Learning, Huggingface, TensorRT, Distributed GPU Training, and Quantization.
A team player who thrives when facing challenges.
Experience architecting, developing, and successfully delivering complex, large-scale systems.

This job was posted by Sakshi Parmar from yellow.ai (Formerly Yellow Messenger).


Desired Skills and Experience
Computer Vision,Generative AI,Machine Learning,NLP,R,Keras,PyTorch,Scikit-learn,spaCy,TensorFlow